It’s been half an hour.
The Emperor immediately put me under the covers when he arrived.
He’s been dealing with court documents by himself for half an hour.
Your Majesty.
Why aren’t you asleep yet?
Your Majesty, I haven’t even gone through the formal ceremony yet.
Is it appropriate to be in the Yangxin Hall like this?
Don’t worry, I won’t touch you.
Who cares whether you touch me or not?
What I care about is my own reputation.
Your Majesty.
If this matter gets out,
the officials will damage Your Majesty’s reputation.
My Empress is still so concerned about me.
Don’t worry, they won’t dare to gossip.
I hope so.
In my past life, your favoring Consort Yan
almost got drowned in the spittle of the officials.
I understand now.
The Emperor is definitely using me to silence those officials.
Dog Emperor.
He’s deliberately neglecting Consort Yan
and creating a false impression of favoring me.
He wants me to attract the officials’ anger.
His beloved consort suffers a temporary grievance,
while I will become the thorn in the officials’ side.
A thorn in the flesh.
What sin have I committed in this world?
Why must I serve this dog Emperor
as a beast of burden in both lives?
Why?
I can feel you’re intentionally delaying.
Actually,
I understand that you don’t want to come to the palace.
But I insist.
My Empress
must be you.